[Workflow] Move the dump command to the component (#61933)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-7.4.md

---------------

 * Deprecate `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Console\Application::add()` in favor of `addCommand()`

>  * Command `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Command\WorkflowDumpCommand` has been moved to `Symfony\Component\Workflow\Command\WorkflowDumpCommand`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate `Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Command\WorkflowDumpCommand` in favor of `Symfony\Component\Workflow\Command\WorkflowDumpCommand`
```

`Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Command\WorkflowDumpCommand` still exists for BC reasons.
